Update proxyaddresses limitation on B2C user (#16953)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/user.md

|lastPasswordChangeDateTime| DateTimeOffset | The time when this Azure AD user last changed their password or when their password was created, whichever date the latest action was performed. The date and time information uses ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. <br><br>Returned only on `$select`.|
|legalAgeGroupClassification|[legalAgeGroupClassification](#legalagegroupclassification-values)| Used by enterprise applications to determine the legal age group of the user. This property is read-only and calculated based on **ageGroup** and **consentProvidedForMinor** properties. Allowed values: `null`, `MinorWithOutParentalConsent`, `MinorWithParentalConsent`, `MinorNoParentalConsentRequired`, `NotAdult` and `Adult`. Refer to the [legal age group property definitions](#legal-age-group-property-definitions) for further information. <br><br>Returned only on `$select`.|
|licenseAssignmentStates|[licenseAssignmentState](licenseassignmentstate.md) collection|State of license assignments for this user. Read-only. <br><br>Returned only on `$select`.|

> |mail|String|The SMTP address for the user, for example, `jeff@contoso.onmicrosoft.com`.<br>Changes to this property will also update the user's **proxyAddresses** collection to include the value as an SMTP address. For Azure AD B2C accounts, updating this property is not supported. Use otherMails or other properties for B2C accounts. This property cannot contain accent characters.<br><br>Returned by default. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, `endsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values).|

Reviewer: @juntakata - suggestion after the internal discussion. Please make this change to the `beta` doc as well.
```suggestion
|mail|String|The SMTP address for the user, for example, `jeff@contoso.onmicrosoft.com`. Changes to this property will also update the user's **proxyAddresses** collection to include the value as an SMTP address. This property cannot contain accent characters. <br/> **NOTE:** We do not recommend updating this property for Azure AD B2C user profiles. Use the **otherMails** property instead. <br><br>Returned by default. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, `startsWith`, `endsWith`, and `eq` on `null` values).|
```
